..
  Copyright 2021-2022 Boris Shminke

  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.

.. _aitp2021:

Distributivity Laws in Residuated Binars with Involution
=========================================================

To reproduce `the results presented during AITP 2021 <https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.05264>`__, follow :ref:`installation instructions<how-to-install>`, then naviage to ``examples/reproducing-papers.ipynb``.

If you would like to learn more about this work, see `6th
Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Theorem
Proving <http://grid01.ciirc.cvut.cz/~mptp/zoomaitp/2021-09-06a/zoom_0.mp4>`__

For previous work in this field and more mathematical context see
`Fussner, W., Jipsen, P. Distributive laws in residuated binars. Algebra
Univers. 80, 54 (2019) <https://doi.org/10.1007/s00012-019-0625-1>`__.

Additional Files Descriptions
==============================

``DistributiveCase.thy``
------------------------

A human-written proof of one of the known statements about
distributivity in residuated binars.

``notebooks/binars.pkl``
------------------------

A serialisation of tabular representation of six binars serving as a proof of the distributivity law independence mentioned in the paper.

``notebooks/rb-check.ipynb``
----------------------------

This file is a contribution of `Carlos Simpson <https://github.com/carlostsimpson>`__.
It checks algebraic properties of ``binars.pkl``

``notebooks/another-check.ipynb``
---------------------------------

Another file for checking algebraic properties of ``binars.pkl``
